planning/README.md, before:

## Planning Directory
### General Approach



***
### User Stories



***
### Reach Architecture



***
### Wireframes

[- Wireframes on miro.com](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOHItXT8=/?invite_link_id=213180188513)
![Wireframe](./../Images/MobileWireframe.jpg)
![Wireframe](./../Images/DesktopWireframe.jpg)

***
### Time/Priority Matrix

[- Time/Priority Matrix on Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1CXTHjTzJ179aKc5salNZyDG0O8eZC2yhWKy7tu2evdA/edit?usp=sharing)


***
### Time/Priority Table

#### [Components](./../README.md#components)

***
### Unsolved Problems or Hurdles to Overcome

- Hurdles
    - accessing backend CRUD with the front end.
        - solved by restructuring backend models
    - 


***
### Project Timeline

- On Monday we had our initial SCRUM and decided on a project in the morning.  The README.md was started over the weekend so we finalized the project and project description portions.  We started and completed the wireframes, filled out the priority table and finished everything to have our project approved.  At 2:30 we met with the instructional staff and they pruned our MVP to more realistic expectations.  After approval we structured the back end and started the models and controllers.
- On Tuesday we continued the controllers and approached MVP for back end.  Once tested the backend to satisfactory results we began the front end structure and framework.  At this point we began having issues with the accessing the backend CRUD with the frontend and began to work through bugs.
- On Wednesday we continued working on issues with the frontend communicating with the backend.  To solve this problem we restructured the backend models and added CRUD functionality.

Commit message:

finished project timeline to current and fleshedd out hurdles to overcome

planning/README.md, after:

## Planning Directory
### General Approach



***
### User Stories



***
### React Architecture



***
### Wireframes

[- Wireframes on miro.com](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOHItXT8=/?invite_link_id=213180188513)
![Wireframe](./../Images/MobileWireframe.jpg)
![Wireframe](./../Images/DesktopWireframe.jpg)

***
### Time/Priority Matrix

[- Time/Priority Matrix on Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1CXTHjTzJ179aKc5salNZyDG0O8eZC2yhWKy7tu2evdA/edit?usp=sharing)


***
### Time/Priority Table

#### [Components](./../README.md#components)

***
### Unsolved Problems or Hurdles to Overcome

- Hurdles
    - accessing backend CRUD with the front end.
        - one of the issues was solved by restructuring backend models
    - additional MVP issues are having issues achieving full CRUD
        - have yet to overcome this issue (3/10/22 1:07pm)


***
### Project Timeline

- On Monday we had our initial SCRUM and decided on a project in the morning.  The README.md was started over the weekend so we finalized the project and project description portions.  We started and completed the wireframes, filled out the priority table and finished everything to have our project approved.  At 2:30 we met with the instructional staff and they pruned our MVP to more realistic expectations.  After approval we structured the back end and started the models and controllers.
- On Tuesday we continued the controllers and approached MVP for back end.  Once tested the backend to satisfactory results we began the front end structure and framework.  At this point we began having issues with the accessing the backend CRUD with the frontend and began to work through bugs.
- In the afternoon on Wednesday we continued working on issues with the frontend communicating with the backend.  To solve this problem we restructured the backend models and added CRUD functionality.  Other issues with getting additional features in the front end to communicate with the backend persisted into Thursday.
- On Thursday we continued to work on getting the additional MVP features on the frontend to communicate with the back.
